[Jules] Here's an update on the Hub index page: (#1751)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/index.md

# Hugging Face Hub documentation

> The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 1.73M models, 403k datasets, and 300k demo apps (Spaces), all open source and publicly available, in an online platform where people can easily collaborate and build ML together. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can explore, experiment, collaborate, and build technology with Machine Learning. Are you ready to join the path towards open source Machine Learning? 🤗

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 1.7M models, 400k datasets, and 600k demo apps (Spaces), all open source and publicly available, in an online platform where people can easily collaborate and build ML together. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can explore, experiment, collaborate, and build technology with Machine Learning. Are you ready to join the path towards open source Machine Learning? 🤗
```

We are helping the community work together towards the goal of advancing Machine Learning 🔥.

> The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 1.73M models, 403k datasets, and 300k demos in which people can easily collaborate in their ML workflows. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source Machine Learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 1.7M models, 400k datasets, and 600k demos in which people can easily collaborate in their ML workflows. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source Machine Learning.
```
